I kept my composure I told you guys that
I will go straight ahead I told you guys
that I will I will take a little bit I
would take some shots because I would
come straight ahead and I know that I
just want to get a you know go out with
a bang get offense what they wanted to
see the fans wanted to see blood sweat
and tears I didn't want to get a fans a
boring fight what did you think of the
way Conor McGregor approached the fight
at the beginning that was our game plan
our game plan was to take our time to
you know take one round at a time what
does this win mean for you fifty and old
at your legacy
um just a part of history you know every
fight is just a part of history Rocky
Marciano is a legend and I take my hat
off to guys like Rocky Marciano Sugar
Ray Leonard Marvin Hagler Mike Tyson
Larry Holmes there's so many legendary
champions ollie so many champions that
paved the way for me to be where I'm at
today and I'm just very very thankful
that you know when those guys names our
mention my name is Mickey what can you
say about Conor McGregor in the way he
did approach this fight I mean he's a
very awkward opponent but um and he's a
tough competitor I talked about that
before the fight happened you kept
hitting him and hitting me he was taking
it all he was taking now I mean he's a
tough competitor but you know we had a
game plan and our game plan work tonight
I know you've been a lot of money on his
head how much you win I don't know
exactly how much I want I have to check
because I think that we bit night I
think it was nine and a half and then we
met 109 and a half so I think you
couldn't go into that half of the 10th
right I really don't know so I'll just
check ballpark it for me I don't know I
gave my guy I gave my guy six figures to
go back and so I have to make sure he
bet because earlier today I went to the
sports book today and they wouldn't let
me bet why not they just wouldn't let me
bet today last fight absolutely yes last
fight absolutely so all you young guys
don't call me out
I'm through on my old man and I'll
retire now